>>> MY FELLOW AMERICANS, THIS IS
OUR HISTORIC MOMENT OF CRISIS
AND CHALLENGE.
AND WE MUST MEET THIS MOMENT AS
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WITH UNITY, WE CAN DO GREAT
THINGS, IMPORTANT THINGS.
WE CAN OVERCOME THE DEADLY
VIRUS.
>> THE U.S. SET A RECORD
YESTERDAY FOR VACCINE DOSES
REPORTED IN A SINGLE DAY.
4.6 MILLION.
>> DR. ANTHONY FAUCI EXPECTS THE
COUNTRY TO GET "VERY GOOD
CONTROL" OF THE VIRUS.
>> WITH MORE PEOPLE GETTING
VACCINATED, MORE REOPENINGS, WE
COULD SEE BOOMING ECONOMIC
ACTIVITY.
>> AMERICANS FLOCKING TO THE
ROADS.
>> SOMETIMES IS SEEMS EVERYONE'S
HIRING.
>> WE'RE INCHING CLOSER TO
NORMALCY.
>> IT'S GOING TO BE A HOT GIRL
AND A HOT BOY SUMMER AS WELL.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> TODAY WE CAN SAY WITH
CONFIDENCE AMERICA IS COMING
BACK TOGETHER.
TODAY WE'RE CLOSER THAN EVER TO
DECLARING OUR INDEPENDENCE FROM
A DEADLY VIRUS.
>> MURDERER!
MURDERER!
>> NO MORE MASKS!
NO MORE MASKS!
>> THE LEAST VACCINATED THEY'RE
ALL REPUBLICAN RED STATES.
>> NO MASKS.
>> WE'RE ON THESE GUYS' SIDE.
>> NO, THEY'RE NOT ON OUR SIDE.
>> THE DELTA VARIANT PUSHING
HOSPITALS CLOSER TO CRISIS.
>> SOUTHERN STATES LESS THAN 10%
OF ICU BEDS ARE FREE.
>> THE DIVIDE IS OVERWHELMINGLY
PARTISAN.
>> PRESIDENT BIDEN IS TAKING OFF
THE GLOVES.
>> THIS IS A PANDEMIC OF THE
UNVACCINATED.
WE'VE BEEN PATIENT BUT OUR
PATIENCE IS WEARING THIN.
GET VACCINATED.
>> IN HIS MOST AGGRESSIVE ACTION
YET, PRESIDENT BIDEN ANNOUNCED
NEW COVID VACCINE MANDATES.
>> NO MORE SHOTS!
>> MY BODY, MY CHOICE.
>> NO VACCINE PASSPORTS!
>> WITHIN HOURS, REPUBLICANS
WERE ALREADY VOWING TO DEFY
BIDEN'S PLAN.
>> WHAT THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION
IS DOING IS GOVERNMENT
OVERREACH.
>> WE ARE TIRED OF BEING BULLIED
BY AUTOCRATS.
>> YOU WOULD EXPECT WORDS LIKE
THAT FROM THE PRESIDENT OF
COMMUNIST CHINA.
>> WE HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY TO
FIGHT BACK.
>> WHEN THE GESTAPO SHOW UP AT
YOUR FRONT DOOR, YOU KNOW WHAT
TO DO.
>> WHAT IS YOUR MESSAGE TO
REPUBLICANS WHO ARE CALLING YOUR
VACCINE REQUIREMENTS AN
OVERREACH, WHO ARE THREATENING
TO CHALLENGE IT IN COURT?
>> HAVE AT IT.
>> HELLO?
>> HELLO, HELLO?
>> JOHN?
>> HELLO, FRIENDS.
WE'RE BACK.
>> YES.
>> TOGETHER AGAIN.
>> WHAT YOU DOING, CAT?
>> I'M EATING AN INCREDIBLY
STUFFED HOTDOG WITH CHEESE AND
BACON, OF COURSE.
>> GUYS, GUESS WHERE I AM?
UH!
JUST ANOTHER DAY ON THE LINKS.
AND BY LINKS, I MEAN I'M PLAYING
MINI GOLF.
>> ARE THERE ADULT BEVERAGES AT
MINI GOLF?
>> THERE IS NOTHING ADULT ABOUT
WHAT I'M DOING RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS BERRY G RATED.
>> SIX MONTHS SINCE WE WERE LAST
TOGETHER.
I MISS YOU GUYS SO MUCH.
>> I'M SO GLAD WE'RE TOGETHER
IS
AGAIN IN PERSON.
>> OH MY GOD.
>> UHH.AGAIN IN PERSON.
>> UHH.
>> LIKE WE ALL WERE TALKING
ABOUT HOW WE WERE GOING TO COME
BACK THIS FALL, EVERYTHING'S
GOING TO BE FINE, ALL GOING TO
BE TOGETHER AND THEN, YOU KNOW,
OBVIOUSLY THINGS WENT TO SHIT.
>> YOU KNOW, COVID WAS GENERALLY
UNDER CONTROL, ECONOMY WAS ON A
GOOD TRACK, THINGS WERE KIND OF
GOING WELL IN OUR FOREIGN
POLICY.
BIDEN'S STEADY HAND WAS BACK.
AND WHEN WITHIN ONE MONTH WE HAD
THE DELTA SURGE, BAD JOB
NUMBERS, CHAOS IN AFGHANISTAN,
FIRES AND FLOODS.
THE ONLY THING MISSING WAS
LOCUSTS.
>> THE MOST BRUTAL AUGUST I'VE
EVER SEEN A WHITE HOUSE GO
THROUGH.
DELTA SPUN EVERYTHING OUT OF
CONTROL.
>> COVID KEEPS MUTATING.
THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION
UNDERSTANDS THEY ARE BOXING AT A
SHADOW.
>> AND THAT IS THE THING THAT
CAUSED JOE BIDEN LAST WEEK TO
TAKE THIS EXTRAORDINARY STEP.
>> THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR IS
DEVELOPING AN EMERGENCY RULE TO
REQUIRE ALL EMPLOYERS WITH 100
OR MORE EMPLOYEES TO MAKE SURE
THEIR WORKFORCES ARE FULLY
VACCINATED OR SHOW A NEGATIVE
TEST AT LEAST ONCE A WEEK.
>> WHAT ARE THE HANGOVERS FROM
THE TRUMP ERA, PUBLIC HEALTH
ISSUE BECAME POLITICIZED AND
PART OF THE CULTURAL WAR.
IT HAS BEEN QUITE SOMETHING TO
WATCH THE REACTION OF IT RIPPLE
OUT ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
BY DOING THIS, REPUBLICAN TRUMP
WORLD HAS GONE ABSOLUTELY
BATSHIT, THEY'RE SAYING TAKE
THIS JAB AND SHOVE IT.
>> IT FITS INTO THE IN A ARIVE
REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN WORKING
FOR THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS WHICH
IS THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS A
BUNCH OF JACK-FOOTED THUGS HERE
TO CHANGE YOUR AMERICAN WAY OF
LIFE AND HERE'S THE MOST
INTIMATE EXAMPLE OF THAT,
PUTTING A SHOT IN YOUR ARM, AS
DICTATED BY UNCLE JOE.
FOR THE MORE MODERATE REPUBLICAN
GOVERNORS, PEOPLE LIKE KAY IVEY
IN ALABAMA, MIKE DeWINE IN OHIO,
ASA HUTCHINSON IN ARKANSAS WHO
HAVE WORKED HARD TO CONVINCE
PEOPLE THE SCIENCE SAYS THEY
SHOULD GET VACCINES.
FOR THEM, THEY'RE WORRIED THERE
WILL BE SUCH A BACKLASH AGAINST
THE MANDATE PEOPLE WON'T GET THE
VACCINE.
>> I WILL SAY ABOUT THE
POLITICS, JOE BIDEN IS ON HIS
WAY TO LONG BEACH, WHERE HE'LL
MEET UP WITH GAVIN NEWSOM
TONIGHT.
GAVIN NEWSOM, WHO GOVERNED THIS
STATE IN A VERY TOUGH
PRO-SCIENCE WAY FOUND HIMSELF AT
THE MERCY OF A RECALL IN THIS
CRAZY ASS STATE THAT I CALL HOME
AND FOR THE BIDEN PEOPLE,
THEY'RE COMING OUT HERE TO
ATTACH THEMSELVES TO NEWSON TO
GET PEOPLE TO FOCUS ON GOOD
SCIENCE, GETTING CONTROL OF THIS
VIRUS IS GOOD POLITICS.
>> THE REPUBLICANS ARE ALREADY
SPREADING LIES ABOUT WHETHER OR
NOT THE CALIFORNIA RECALL WAS
RIGGED.
>> IT IS HUGELY PROBLEMATIC.
YOU SEE THEY'RE TRYING TO DO THE
SAME PLAYBOOK IN CALIFORNIA AS
THEY DID IN THE LAST ELECTION.
THERE'S GOING TO BE RALLIES
SUPPORTING THE PEOPLE WHO WERE
AT THE INSURRECTION AT THE
CAPITOL.
THEY'RE CLAIMING THOSE PEOPLE
ARE POLITICAL PRISONERS.
THIS IS A TOXIC MIXTURE OF TWO
THINGS.
THE OUTRAGE OF THE BACKLARK
AGAINST THE VACCINE MANDATE
COMBINED WITH THE BIG LIE.
>> WHEN YOU HAVE PEOPLE WILLING
TO LAY DOWN THEIR LIVES FOR
POLITICAL BELIEF, VACCINATIONS
OR STORMING THE HALLS OF
CONGRESS, AND READY TO FIGHT TO
THE DEATH, WHERE DOES IT END?
>> BUT FOR RIGHT NOW, JOE
BIDEN'S CALLING THE SHOTS.
>> ALL EYES ARE ON CALIFORNIA
RIGHT NOW.
>> GOVERNOR GAVIN NEWSOM IS
FACING A RECALL ELECTION.
>> ELECTION LAW IN CALIFORNIA
MEANS PRETTY MUCH EVERY GOVERNOR
IS ROUTINELY THREATENED WITH
RECALL.
>> IT'S A QUIRKY LAW IN PROCESS.
QUIRKY IS A NICE WAY OF PUTTING
IT.
>> IT GOT ON THE BALLOT BECAUSE
OF BACKLASH OF NEWSOM'S
STRINGENT POLICIES ON COVID.
>> LARRY ELDER TOPS 46
CHALLENGERS TRYING TO REPLACE
GOVERNOR GAVIN NEWSOM.
BEFORE A SINGLE BALLOT HAS BEEN
COUNTED, ELDER IS PULLING A PAGE
FROM THE TRUMP PLAYBOOK,
QUESTIONING THE RESULTS.
>> IT IS SO GOOD TO BE HERE IN
CALIFORNIA WITH Y'ALL.
IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A LEADER
WHO STEPS UP IN TIMES OF NEED,
VOTE NO ON QUESTION ONE.
TOMORROW, VOTE NO, TO MAKE SURE
GOVERNOR NEWSOM CAN CONTINUE TO
DELIVER FOR THE PEOPLE OF
CALIFORNIA.
[ CHANTS OF "NO" ]
>> A MONTH AGO PEOPLE THOUGHT
NEWSOM COULD LOSE THIS.
PEOPLE ARE UNHAPPY WITH THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND THEN
DEMOCRATS DID SOMETHING REALLY
SMART, THEY TURNED THE ENTIRE
THING INTO A REFERENDUM ON
SCIENCE.
THE POLLS SEEMED TO HAVE NEWSOM
UP ON THE RECALL QUESTION.
YOU KNOW THAT THIS RACE IS OUT
OF REACH FOR ALL OF HIS
CHALLENGER CHALLE
CHALLENGERS, BECAUSE
BILLION-DOLLARED ABOUT'S HERE.
JOE BIDEN'S HERE.
THE WHITE HOUSE DID NOT BE IN
LONG BEACH TONIGHT IF THERE WAS
ANY SLIGHT SMALL SCINTILLA OF A
CHANCE THAT GAVIN NEWSOM WAS
GOING TO LOSE TOMORROW.
SO YOU HAVE JOE BIDEN COMING IN
HERE NOT JUST BECAUSE HE WANTS
TO TAKE A VICTORY LAP WITH THE
GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA BUT HE
WANTS TO SAY THIS IS HOW THE
POLITICS OF COVID ARE GOING TO
PLAY FOR US, TOO.
>> LAST YEAR WE SENT THE MOST
IMPORTANT AND IMPACTFUL ELECTION
IN OUR LIFE TIME WAS DEFEATING
DONALD TRUMP IN 2020.
WE MAY HAVE DEFEATED DONALD
TRUMP, BUT WE HAVE NOT DEFEATED
TRUMPISM.
TRUMPISM IS STILL ON THE BALLOT
IN CALIFORNIA.
>> FOLKS, SEND A MESSAGE TO THE
NATION.
SCIENCE MATTERS.
VOTING NO WILL BE PROTECTING
CALIFORNIA FROM TRUMP
REPUBLICANS TRYING TO BLOCK US
FROM BEATING THIS PANDEMIC.
WE DON'T NEED TO POLITICS TO
BATTLE AGAINST COVID.
WE NEED SCIENCE.
WE NEED COURAGE.
WE NEED LEADERSHIP.
WE NEED GAVIN NEWSOM.
>> RIGHT NOW, THE HOSPITALS ARE
BREAKING.
THEY'RE FILLING UP.
SO THIS IS A BREAK THE GLASS
MOMENT, SO THE QUESTION IS, WHAT
ARE WE GOING TO DO IN ORDER TO
PROTECT THE HEALTH AND SAFETY OF
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE?
>> THE MANDATE LAST WEEK, RIGHT,
ARE YOU SURPRISED BY HOW MUCH
BACKLASH THERE'S BEEN?
>> SOME OF THIS STUFF IS JUST,
COMING FROM THE REPUBLICANS
MAKES NO SENSE.
YOU KNOW, I WISH THE PASSION
THAT THEY HAVE FOR HORSE
DEWOMPLING
DEWOMPDEWOMPL
ING
I
DEWORMING
DEWORMI ING
DEWORMI IING :
DEWORMI IING ING DEWORMI IING
IING AND HYDROCOLO
THESE PEOPLE ARE UNHINGED.
>> TURNING TO COVID-19 IN
ARKANSAS, THERE'S ONE NUMBER
THAT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE
DECLINING AND THAT IS OUR DAILY
DEATHS.
>> WHILE CASES CONTINUE TO CLIMB
AND VACCINE RATES AREN'T WHAT
LEADERS AND HEALTH PROFESSIONAL
WANT THEM TO BE.
>> THERE ARE QUESTIONS FOLLOWING
THE VACCINE MANDATE LAST WEEK.
>> ASA HUTCHINSON IS AN
INTERESTING FIGURE, FROM THE OLD
SCHOOL CONVENTIONAL REPUBLICAN
PARTY.
HE WAS THE HOUSE IMPEACHMENT
MANAGER AGAINST BILL CLINTON.
HE IS ONE OF THE REPUBLICAN
GOVERNORS WHO HAS LARGELY LET
SCIENCE GUIDE HIS FIGHTING OF
COVID.
STILL, GOVERNOR HUTCHINSON IS
OPPOSING THE FEDERAL VACCINATION
MANDATE.
HE'S TRYING TO BE HALFWAY ON A
PRETTY TOUGH ISSUE.
WE ARE IN FRONT OF DOS HE PLACE
THE FAMED LITTLE ROCK
ESTABLISHMENT.
IT WAS THE DE FACTO CLINTON 1992
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN
HEADQUARTERS.
IF YOU WANT TO GET A SENSE OF
HOW PEOPLE IN THE STATE FEEL
ABOUT THINGS, THIS IS WHERE YOU
GO.
>> IF THE GOVERNMENT COMES AT ME
AND SAYS YOU MUST GET
VACCINATED, I PROBABLY WOULDN'T
HAVE.
>> IT'S NOT THE PRESIDENT'S
PLACE.
DOESN'T MATTER WHETHER IT WAS
TRUMP OR CARTER OR ANYBODY ELSE.
IT'S NOT THEIR PLACE TO TELL US
THAT YOU'RE GONNA DO THIS.
>> WE'VE ALL GOTTEN A SHOT BUT
IT WAS OUR CHOICE.
>> HOW DO YOU FEEL LIKE
VACCINATIONS ARE GOING IN
ARKANSAS?
>> THERE ARE SEVERAL PEOPLE
STILL RESISTANT TO THE VACCINE.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE LIKE, OH,
IT'S TAKING OUR FREEDOMS WAY AND
I'M JUST LIKE, REALLY?
>> I DO NOT SUPPORT THE STRATEGY
OF A BROAD FEDERAL MANDATE FOR
BUSINESSES.
THIS IS NOT CONSISTENT WITH
HISTORICAL USE OF FEDERAL
AUTHORITY IN PUBLIC HEALTH
MATTERS, AND IN MY JUDGMENT,
WILL INCREASE VACCINE HESITANCY.
HAVE A GOOD AFTERNOON.
>> I DID WORK FOR BILL CLINTON
FOR A LONG TIME.
>> WELL, THERE IS HIS PICTURE
RIGHT THERE.
>> WAS THIS HIS OFFICE?
>> YES.
>> I WAS VERY EXCITED TO COME TO
LITTLE ROCK.
>> I KNOW YOU'VE PUT A LOT OF
EFFORT INTO CONVINCING PEOPLE IN
YOUR STATE TO GET THE
VACCINATION.
>> I WENT TO 16 DIFFERENT TOWNS
IN ARKANSAS, AND WE HAD TOWN
HALL TYPE MEETINGS WHERE
SOMEBODY WOULD RAISE A QUESTION
ABOUT THE VACCINE, AND RATHER
THAN THE GOVERNMENT COMING IN
AND THE ANSWER, I'D HAVE A LOCAL
DOCTOR THAT WAS PROVING TO BE
SUCCESSFUL AND CONVINCED ME THAT
THIS IS ABOUT TRUST AND BUILDING
THAT CONFIDENCE AND THAT
SOMETIMES MANDATES CAN BE
COUNTERPRODUCTIVE.
>> YOU COULD MAKE A DECISION, I
DON'T LIKE THE BIDEN MANDATE,
BUT IT'S HERE.
IT'S HAPPENING, LET ME HELP
FACILITATE THIS.
>> IT IS TOUGH, BECAUSE WHENEVER
YOU'RE FIGHTING A PANDEMIC, YOU
WANT EVERYBODY TO BE TOGETHER,
OUR LEADERS, HAVE A UNIFIED
FRONT, AND I RESPECT PRESIDENT
BIDEN AND I KNOW HE'S TRYING TO
DO THE RIGHT THING.
I JUST DISAGREE ON THE STRATEGY
OF IT.
>> I WONDER IF PRESIDENT TRUMP
HAD A VACCINE MANDATE, DO YOU
THINK THAT YOU WOULD BE FEELING
THIS, HAVING THE SAME KINDS OF
RESISTANCE OR DO YOU THINK THAT
PEOPLE ARE SUSPICIOUS OF THIS IN
PARTICULAR BECAUSE IT COMES FROM
A PRESIDENT MAYBE THEY DIDN'T
SUPPORT?
>> I'D LIKE TO THINK NOT.
I DO THINK THAT THE
BACK-AND-FORTH IN THE LAST
ADMINISTRATION ON SCIENTIFIC
INFORMATION HURT US.
THAT DIDN'T BUILD THE TRUST THAT
WAS NEEDED, BUT I THINK IT'S
MORE THE CASE OF JUST SIMPLY
WHAT'S COMING FROM THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT VERSUS THE
PERSONALITY BEHIND IT.
>> I KNOW YOU WORRY ABOUT THE
DIVISIONS IN THE COUNTRY.
YOU WORRY ABOUT THESE CONSPIRACY
THEORIES THAT POP UP, WHETHER
THEY'RE ABOUT OUR HEALTH OR
ABOUT OUR POLITICS.
HOW DO YOU AS A LEADER APPROACH
THIS?
>> WE NEED TO BE THE PARTY OF
THE TRUTH.
WE NEED TO BE BASED ON FACT.
WE NEED TO HAVE PEOPLE THAT HAVE
CONFIDENCE IN WHAT WE SAY.
>> AND YOUR DAY-TO-DAY LIFE IN
ARC
ARKANSAS, DO YOU SEE EVIDENCE
THAT CAN WORK.
>> I'VE ALWAYS SEEN YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE 15% THAT IS JUST HARD
CORE NOT GONNA LISTEN, ANGRY,
BUT YOU JUST CAN'T GIVE IN TO
JUST BECAUSE SOMEBODY'S LOUD AND
ANGRY.
>> IN LESS THAN TWO HOURS, POLLS
CLOSE IN CALIFORNIA'S RECALL
ELECTION.
>> MORE THAN 9 MILLION PEOPLE
ALREADY VOTED.
>> CNN PROJECTS THAT
CALIFORNIA'S DEMOCRATIC
GOVERNOR, GAVIN NEWSOM, DEFEATS
THE RECALL.
>> TAKE A LOOK AT WHERE THINGS
STAND RIGHT NOW.
70% REPORTING.
OBVIOUSLY THIS RACE HAS BEEN
CALLED.
GAVIN NEWSOM WILL REMAIN.
>> CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR GAVIN
NEWSOM WILL GET BACK TO WORK
TODAY.
>> VOTERS DECISIVELY REJECTED
THE GOP-LED EFFORT TO RECALL HIM
BY A 2:1 MARGIN.
>> I FEEL ENLIVENED, I FEEL MORE
ENERGIZED AND I FEEL A DEEP
SENSE OF RESPONSIBILITY.
>> IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU.
>> WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> THE TIGHTEST MOMENT SIX WEEKS
AGO, HOW WORRIED WERE YOU?
>> I WASN'T IN THIS CONTEXT.
OUR JOB WAS TO GET VOTERS TO THE
POLLS.
>> YOU WEREN'T THAT NERVOUS.
DO YOU THINK SOMETHING CHANGED,
THOUGH?
IT FEELS LIKE WHEN YOU STARTED
TO DRIVE THE ARGUMENTS YOU DROVE
THAT THE DYNAMIC FLIPPED A
LITTLE BIT.
>> I THINK THE BIGGEST ARGUMENT
WAS WHAT WAS HAPPENING IN
FLORIDA AND TEXAS.
THEY WENT OFF A COVID CLIFF AND
BECAUSE CALIFORNIA CONTINUED TO
LEAD, WE CONTINUED TO LEAD WITH
THE SCHOOL MANDATE, AND SCHOOL
STAFF AND DOING THE SAME THING
WITH MASKING.
CALIFORNIA LED AND AS A
CONSEQUENCE, THAT WAS VALIDATED
IN TERMS OF THE MITIGATION AND
THE SPREAD OF THIS NEW VARIANT.
YOU HAD ALL THE REPUBLICANS, NOT
JUST LARRY ELDER, ALL SUPPORTED
TRUMP AND SUPPORTED ELIMINATING
MASK REQUIREMENTS AND VACCINE
VERIFICATION.
THAT WAS ADJUDICATED AT SCALE,
WHEN YOU LOOKED AT THE BIG RED
STATES VERSUS THE BIG BLUE
STATE, CALIFORNIA.
>> AND YOUR BIG MESSAGE COMING
OUT OF THIS WHOLE THING?
IT'S TIME TO, JUST BE TOUGH.
>> LEAD.
STIFFEN YOUR SPINE, LEAN IN.
PEOPLE WANT TO BE PROTECTED,
RESPECTED.
DEMOCRATS, WE'RE PROEKT IT
DEMOCRATS, WE'RE PROEKTTECTING
PUBLIC HEALTH.
WE'RE PROTECTING OUR ECONOMY,
PROTECTING THE KIDS EDUCATION
GETTING THIS PANDEMIC BEHIND US.
THAT'S A WINNING MESSAGE ALL
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
>> THE OTHER THING THAT HAPPENED
HERE, RIGHT, WAS THIS CRAZY
SHIT, YOU KNOW, A COUPLE DAYS
AGO, WHERE IT LOOKED LIKE ELDER
WAS GOING TO SAY --
>> OH, GOSH, YEAH.
>> -- THE THING WAS --
>> TRUMP WAS OUT THERE BACKING
IT UP.
TWO WEEKS AGO AND DOUBLED DOWN
THE DAY BEFORE THE ELECTION.
WHERE IS THE INTEGRITY OF THESE
GUYS?
>> IT'S FUCKING SCARY.
>> IT'S SCARY ALSO AND IT'S SAD.
CAN'T GET OUT OF HIS SHADOW.
>> RIGHT.
>> IT'S EMASCULATING FOR SOME OF
THE FOLKS SO ASSERTIVE IN ALL
THE OTHER ROLES THEY HAVE BUT IN
THIS ROLE THEY HAVE TO GET
PERMISSION FOR EVERY DAMNED
ACTION THEY TAKE.
>> IF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY LOSE
THE ELECTION, IT'S RIGGED.
>> IF THEY WIN, EVERYTHING WAS
PERFECT AND ABOVE-BOARD.
WE SAW THAT, TOO, OUT HERE, THE
BIG LIE EXTENDED HERE AND NO
QUESTION IT WILL BE CARRIED
OVER.
THIS IS PART OF THE PLAYBOOK.
>> PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN SPEAKING
WITH BUSINESS LEADERS AT THE
WHITE HOUSE TODAY ABOUT VACCINE
MANDATES.
>> THE ADMINISTRATION WANTS TO
HIGHLIGHT SUPPORT FOR THESE NEW
REQUIREMENTS.
>> VACCINATION IS KEY TO GETTING
THE PANDEMIC UNDER CONTROL, AND
KEEPING THE ECONOMY STRONG.
>> PRESIDENT BIDEN HAS INVITED A
BUNCH OF CEOs TO ENDORSE HIS NEW
VACCINATION MANDATE WHICH IS
PRETTY CONTROVERSIAL.
THIS IS A KIND OF CLASSIC
MESSAGING BY THE WHITE HOUSE TO
TRY TO COORDINATE AND GET THE
IDEA OUT THERE.
BUSINESS IN GENERAL SUPPORTS THE
IDEA.
THIS IS GOOD FOR THEIR BUSINESS,
GOOD FOR THEIR EMPLOYEES, IT'S
GOOD FOR THE COUNTRY.
>> THE BUSINESS COMMUNITY HAS
STEPPED UP ENTHUSIASTICALLY IN
TERMS OF SUPPORTING THIS.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE BUSINESS
ROUNDTABLE, IF YOU LOOK AT
EVERYWHERE FROM WALT DISNEY TO
SMALL BUSINESSES AROUND THE
COUNTRY, ESPECIALLY DINERS AND
RESTAURANTS AND THINGS LIKE
THAT, THIS REALLY HELPED THEM
GET TO WHERE THEY WANTED TO BE.
WE WANT TO GET THE ECONOMY BACK
ON, SO IF YOU LOOK AT MOODY'S
AND GOLDMAN SACHS AND ALL OF
THOSE BUSINESS ANALYST S
THOSE BUSINESS ANALYSTS, THERE'S
ALL SAYING THIS MANDATE IS THE
RIGHT ECONOMIC MOVE.
IT WILL BE A STIMULUS ALL ON ITS
OWN BECAUSE IT WILL HELP US GET
OUT OF THE PANDEMIC.
>> PRESIDENT BIDEN RAN ON
UNIFYING THE COUNTRY, BUT THIS
MOVE IS MAKING THINGS MORE
POLARIZED IN SOME WAYS WITH
TRUMP BASE SUPPORTERS.
WAS THAT A CAN?
>> NO, AGAIN, FOR US, YOU KNOW,
IN ORDER TO HAVE A POLARIZED
COUNTRY, WE HAVE TO SAVE THEIR
LIVES.
WE HAVE TO PROTECT THE VACCINE
ESPECIALLY CHILDREN.
WE THINK WE'LL REACH MILLIONS
MORE AMERICANS THIS WAY, KAISER
PERMANENTE AND UNITED AIRLINES
VACCINE RATE WENT UP
TREMENDOUSLY WITH THE MANDATE.
WE KNOW IT WORKS AND PROBABLY
THE ONLY WAY OUT OF THE
PANDEMIC.
>> WHAT CONCERNS YOU GOING
FORWARD?
DISINFORMATION ON THE INTERNET,
THE RUMORS, THE LIES, THE
POLITICIZATION OF THE
VACCINATION AND MANDATES.
THAT'S WHAT WORRIES ME THE MOST,
AND IT'S NOT A POLITICAL
CONSIDERATION.
IT'S THE FACT THAT PEOPLE ARE
DYING, AND SO I WAS 7 WHEN MY
FATHER DIED OF A HEART ATTACK,
WHICH COULDN'T BE PREVENTED.
THESE DEATHS CAN BE PREVENTED.
>> A NEW CNN POLL FOUND 78% OF
REPUBLICANS SAY THAT BIDEN
DIDN'T LEGITIMATELY WIN ENOUGH
VOTES TO BE PRESIDENT.
>> THERE'S JUST SUCH A DISTRUST
OF INSTITUTIONS.
>> IF THERE IS ONE STATE THAT
EMBODIES THE INSURGENT
REVOLUTIONARY ATTITUDE OF THE
MODERN-DAY REPUBLICAN PARTY, IT
IS THE STATE OF FLORIDA.
>> THE STRONGHOLD OF THE
ANTI-VAX, ANTI-MASK MOVEMENT,
THE HOME OF THE HEAD OF THE
REPUBLICAN PARTY, DONALD J.
TRUMP.
WE'RE HERE TO TALK TO STATE
REPRESENTATIVE ANTHONY SABATINI,
MORE THAN A LOYAL I, A FOOT
SOLDIER IN TRUMP'S ARMY.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ASK THEMSELVES
WHAT HAPPENS TO THE GOP WHEN
TRUMP IS NO LONGER PRESIDENT?
>> PEOPLE HAVE A LOT OF
QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT'S BEEN
GOING ON SINCE COVID?
ALL THE LIBERALS, THE LIBERAL
HORRIBLE LOCUSTS THAT DESTROYED
THEIR BLUE STATES ARE GOING TO
POUR INTO FLORIDA AND TEXAS AND
TURN US INTO THE NEXT CESSPOOL
OF LEFT I. AND THE TRUTH OF THE
MATTER IS THAT'S NOT REALLY
HAPPENING.
LIZ CHENEY VOTED TO IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT.
SHE'S AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE
UNITED STATES.
THE CHENEY NAME IS THE MOST
DISGRACEFUL NAME IN THE HISTORY
OF AMERICAN POLITICS.
HORRIBLE SWAMP CREATURE FROM
HELL, RIGHT?
>> HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
>> HOW IS IT GOING?
>> ALEX.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> LET'S JUST KIND OF START
WITH, A LOT OF PEOPLE, IT'S AN
ISSUE OF PERSONAL CHOICE, IF YOU
NOT GETTING THE VACCINE DIDN'T
POSE A RISK TO ME OR THE --
>> YOU COULD BE VACCINATED AT
ANY TIME.
>> RIGHT.
BUT THERE ARE BREAKTHROUGH
INFECTIONS.
RACK SEENS AREN'T 100%.
>> YOU'RE A VACCINE SKEPTIC?
>> NO, BUT I MEAN THE FACT OF
THE MATTER, IS COVID IS A PUBLIC
HEALTH, IT'S NOT A PRIVATE
HEALTH ISSUE.
>> IT'S PRIVATE.
COULD YOU BE VACCINATED AT ANY
TIME.
>> OKAY.
>> AND YOU'RE PROEKT IT ED
>> AND YOU'RE PROEKT ITTECT
>> AND YOU'RE PROEKT ITTEPROTEC.
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE
YOUNG KIDS OR FOR WHATEVER
MEDICAL REASON CAN'T GET IT,
VULNERABLE.
>> ARE THEY VULNERABLE?
>> I DON'T KNOW, DO YOU THINK
THEY ARE?
>> IF YOU'RE A HEALTHY, YOUNG
PERSON, IT'S NOT SUCH A
SIGNIFICANT ISSUE THAT YOU NEED
TO BE YOUR SOLE FOCUS.
YOU DON'T NEED TO PURSUE THE
VACCINE.
LOOK AT ME, I'M 32.
I'M VERY HEALTHY.
I EAT WELL.
I WORKOUT, I TRY TO WORKOUT
EVERY DAY, AND JUST I'M FINE.
>> ARE YOU VACCINATED?
>> WHAT?
>> THAT'S PRIVATE HEALTH CARE
DECISION SO IF I WAS, I WOULDN'T
TELL YOU.
>> 325 FLORIDIANS ARE DYING A
DAY.
DO YOU BELIEVE THAT STATISTIC?
>> LISTEN, IF YOU WANT TO SHOW
THE STATISTICS OF WHAT TIME
FRAME YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT, IT'S
TOO TOALLY FINE.
ANYBODY CAN BE VACCINATED AT ANY
TIME.
IT'S THEIR PERSONAL DECISION.
I KNOW YOU DON'T LIKE THAT.
>> IT'S NOT ABOUT ME.
I'M TRYING TO UNDERSTAND, YOU'RE
A LEGISLATOR, RIGHT?
YOU REPRESENT THE PEOPLE?
>> I REPRESENT FREE CITIZENS
COMPLETELY INFORMED.
PROBABLY KNOW A LOT MORE COVID
ABOUT YOU DO THAN TO BE HONEST.
>> YOU PROBABLY DO AND SHOULD
BECAUSE IT'S YOUR JOB TO PROTECT
THE PUBLIC.
YOU'RE INTRODUCING BILLS ABOUT
IT.
>> AS A GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL IT'S
MY JOB TO PROTECT THEIR RIGHTS,
PROTECT THEIR FREEDOMS.
I'M INTO THE HERE TO MICROMANAGE
EVERY
EVERIES
EVERIEY ASPECT OF THEIR LIFE.
MAYBE YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THAT
BECAUSE YOU WORK IN JOURNALISM.
THAT'S THE FOUNDING PRINCIPLE OF
GOVERNMENT TO LET DECISIONS BE
MADE BY INDIVIDUALS CONCERNING
THEIR OWN PUBLIC HEALTH.
>> THERE IS ANOTHER SIDE.
PEOPLE THAT SAY'FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT DOESN'T STEP IN, IN
THE EVENT OF MASS DEATH IN
AMERICA, A WIDELY TRANSMISSIBLE
VIRUS LAYING WASTE TO THE
ECONOMY, THAT IS SHUTTERING
SCHOOLS AND BUSINESSES -- ZSH
>> WHAT WORLD ARE YOU LIVING IN?
ARE YOU VACCINATED?
>> YES.
>> ARE YOU ENCOURAGING PEOPLE TO
GET VAXINATED?
>> I AM HERE TO GET A BETTER
UNDERSTANDING OF WHAT YOU THINK
THE WAY YOU DO.
A LOT OF PEOPLE JUST DON'T
UNDERSTAND HOW YOU KSH
>> --
>> THEY'RE STUPID PEOPLE.
>> STUPID PEOPLE.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE SAYING I
DON'T BELIEVE IN THE MANDATE BUT
I BELIEVE IN THE VACCINE ITSELF.
>> YOU'RE OLD AND UNHEALTHY, YOU
SHOULD PROBABLY GO AND TAKE THE
VACCINE, RIGHT?
>> I'M TRYING TO GET A SENSE OF
WHERE YOU THINK THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY IS AT.
IS THE MOVEMENT IN THE PARTY
TOWARDS YOU?
>> I WOULD SAY McCONNELL'S LIKE
WAY, WAY OUTSIDE THE STEP OF THE
PARTY.
HE'S ALMOST ANTI-BASE AT THIS
POINT.
MOST OF THE REPUBLICANS HAVEN'T
WOKEN UP TO THE PROPER ROLE OF
WHAT THE REPUBLICAN PARTY SHOULD
BE TODAY AND THAT'S A SMALLER
GROUP, THAT'S MATT GAETZ, PAUL
GOSAR, MARK, MYSELF, PEOPLE LIKE
THAT.
THEN YOU HAVE WHAT I WOULD
CONSIDER A LIBERAL REPUBLICAN
LIKE MITCH McCONNELL.
HE'S BASICALLY A LIBERAL AT THIS
POINT, ALMOST A DEMOCRAT.
THEY'RE JUST BIDING THEIR TIME
BEFORE THEY'RE REMOVED FROM THE
PARTY?
>> SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST?
>> THAT'S RIGHT, VERY ACCURATE.
>> HOW DO YOU THINK HISTORY IS
GOING TO WRITE THIS PARTICULAR
CHAPTER CHAP
CHAPTER, MIDDLE OF A PANDEMIC, A
HUGE DIVIDE BETWEEN AMERICANS
ABOUT WHAT TO DO, THE PARTIES
ARE AT DIEIA METRIC OPPOSITION
TO ONE ANOTHER?
>> IT'S A GREAT QUESTION.
THERE WILL BE GEOGRAPHICAL
REALIGNMENT TO THE POINT WHERE
YOU'RE GOING TO SEE CALIFORNIA
GET MORE BLUE.
EVERYONE WAS SHOCKED BY THIS
WEEK'S LARRY ELDER RESULTS.
I WAS NOT SHOCKED.
PLACES LIKE FLORIDA AND TEXAS
ARE GOING TO GET MORE REPUBLICAN
SO WE'LL HAVE TWO COUNTRIES AND
THE QUESTION ARE HOW ARE THE TWO
QUESTIONS GOVERNED.
>> HOW?
>> HOPEFULLY PEACEABLY.
WE'LL SEE.